c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.dll.config
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.pdb
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.dll
c:\users\timothy.timothy-hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.pdb
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.Appender.Azure.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Timothy.Timothy-HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sparrow.Services\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.dll.config
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Sparrow.Services.pdb
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.Appender.Azure.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\log4net.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.dll
C:\data\Franzke\SparrowService\Sparrow.Services\obj\Release\Sparrow.Services.pdb
